Installation of the browser.vim plugin
======================================

1. Requirements

This plugin is mostly written in perl, so you need a perl-enabled vim version  
to use it. In addition, the perl modules HTML::TreeBuilder, LWP::UserAgent and 
URI from cpan are required.  One way to install these modules is by running:

    cpan LWP::UserAgent

etc. Most distribution provide their own way of installing perl modules. The 
corresponding packages should be named something like HTML-Tree, libwww-perl 
and URI.

In addition, the vim plugin synmark.vim is required. This is vim script 1128, 
available at:

  http://vim.sf.net/scripts/script.php?script_id=1128

Its installation is standard. I believe that if you use GetLatestVimScripts 
(vim script 642), it should be installed automatically, but this is untested.

The plugin was tested on linux, with vim 6.3 and perl 5.8.4.

2. Installation

There are three sub-directories, 'vim', 'perl' and 'extra'. The contents of 
the 'vim' directory should be copied to some directory on the runtimepath.  
Example (assuming you are in the main directory of the distribution):

  cp -r vim/* ~/.vim
  
The contents of the 'perl' directory should be copied either to a directory 
on the perl search path, or to a subdirectory named 'perl' of a directory in 
the runtimepath. Example:

  cp -r perl ~/.vim

The contents of the 'extra' directory should be treated the same as the 'vim' 
directory. Installing it is optional, but recommended, as it provides extra 
features and a simpler interface. The only reason not to install it is 
possible collisions with other plugins. Example:

  cp -r extra/* ~/.vim

It is possible to install only some of them. See the section "Extra Features" 
in the documentation to find out what each file provides.

3. Documentation

The vim help file is in the vim/doc subdirectory. Don't forget to run 
:helptags after copying it (see :help add-local-help for details). Example:

  :helptags ~/.vim/doc

This help file is generated from browser.pod in the main directory. You may 
use it to view the documentation from the command line, as in

    perldoc browser.pod

4. The vimbrowse.pl script

The 'bin' subdirectory contains vimbrowse.pl. This is a (perl) script that 
launches vim in browser mode. Thus it can be used like any other browser from 
the command line.

Documentation is available as embeded pod in the script itself. Run

    perldoc vimbrowse.pl

or

    vimbrowse.pl --man

to view it. The same is available also in the man page, vimbrowse.1. To 
install it, just copy the script to any directory on your $PATH (make sure 
that permissions are ok). To install the man pages, put it in the 'man1' sub 
directory of a directory in your $MANPATH.

If the script is installed as gvimbrowse (or gvimbrowse.pl), gvim will be 
launched. Otherwise, terminal vim will be used. This behavior can also be 
altered using the --gui switch. Accordingly, there are two man pages, 
vimbrowse.1 and gvimbrowse.1, which are identical.

That's it!

